c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\mController.exe.config
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\mController.exe
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\mController.pdb
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\mController.xml
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\BrandonPotter.XBox.dll
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\bin\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController.g.resources
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController.Resources.resources
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController.exe
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController.xml
c:\users\vista\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mController\mController\obj\Debug\mController.pdb
